ROX-32265: Update docs for base image detection (#106054)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/base-image-vulnreport.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="base-image-vulnreport_{context}"]
= Create a report of vulnerabilities in a base image

[role="_abstract"]

> Base images are trusted images that DevOps users can include when building applications. You can create a report of vulnerabilities in the base layer of a base image.

Reviewer: This sentence:

> Base images are trusted images that DevOps users can include when building applications.

Repeats across the docs. I'm wondering if we even need to define what a base image is, and if we do, we avoid being normative; base image is simply the image an application image is built from.

.Prerequisite

> * A user with a role that has `ImageAdministration` permissions must have configured the image as a base image in *Platform Configuration* -> *Base Images*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A user with the `ImageAdministration` permission must configure the base image repository under *Platform Configuration* -> *Base Images* so that the system can identify and detect base images.
```
